Mention style-src 'unsafe-eval' CSP unimplemented (#38502)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/content-security-policy/style-src/index.md

    - [`'<hash_algorithm>-<hash_value>'`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy#hash_algorithm-hash_value)
    - [`'report-sample'`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy#report-sample)

>     Note that the [`'unsafe-eval'`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy#unsafe-eval) value is included in the specification and intends to block CSSOM methods that parse and insert CSS strings, including the `cssText` setters and `insertRule()` methods. However, no browser has implemented this behavior, and these methods are always allowed despite the `style-src` directive.

Reviewer: Not quite. The first part of this reads like the _value_ is not implemented so the methods should always be blocked - while it is blocking that is not implemented, so the value is ignored/pointless. This is clarified in the second sentence, but we should remove the ambiguity. I think it worth also linking the specific methods.

```suggestion
    Note that the specification also includes [`'unsafe-eval'`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy#unsafe-eval) as a valid source expression value, in order to permit the CSSOM methods that parse and insert CSS strings: {{domxref("CSSStyleSheet.insertRule()")}}, {{domxref("CSSGroupingRule.insertRule()")}}, and {{domxref("CSSStyleDeclaration.cssText")}}.
    However no current browser implementations block these methods, so there is no need to apply `unsafe-eval`.
```
